cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:sunken cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:purple population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:rooted stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:yellow bruises:yes odor:anise gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:numerous habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:almond gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:meadows toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:black stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:pungent gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:black stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:black population:abundant habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:equal stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:gray veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:scattered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:black population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:purple stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:creosote gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:gray stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:grooves cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:conical cap-surface:grooves cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:grooves cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:conical cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:grooves cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:purple bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:red veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:red stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:green bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:purple stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:meadows toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:green stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:buff veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:fibrous stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:chocolate stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:scattered habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:green population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:buff stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:red stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:waste toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:flaring spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:buff bruises:yes odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:fibrous stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:chocolate population:several habitat:urban toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:large spore-print-color:chocolate population:solitary habitat:grasses toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:cinnamon bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:yellow stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:yellow ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:cinnamon bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:yellow stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:yellow ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:cinnamon bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:yellow stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:yellow ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:conical cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:yellow stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:yellow ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:yellow stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:yellow ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:yellow stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:yellow ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:conical cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:yellow stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:yellow ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:yellow bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:narrow gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:yellow stalk-color-below-ring:yellow veil-type:partial veil-color:yellow ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:pink bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:cinnamon bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:woods toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:scaly stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:brown stalk-color-below-ring:brown veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:gray bruises:yes odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:bulbous stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:solitary habitat:paths toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:gray bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:gray stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:fibrous cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:scattered habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:paths toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:yellow population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:bell cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:white stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:brown population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:white bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:crowded gill-size:broad gill-color:pink stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:two ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:white population:numerous habitat:grasses toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:orange stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:pink veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:scaly cap-color:cinnamon bruises:no odor:musty gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:club stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:scaly stalk-color-above-ring:cinnamon stalk-color-below-ring:cinnamon veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:none ring-type:none spore-print-color:white population:clustered habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:spicy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:red bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:foul gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:silky stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:pink stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:woods toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:brown ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:flat cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:brown stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:buff population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
cap-shape:knobbed cap-surface:scaly cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:fishy gill-attachment:free gill-spacing:close gill-size:narrow gill-color:buff stalk-shape:tapering stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:silky stalk-color-above-ring:white stalk-color-below-ring:white veil-type:partial veil-color:white ring-number:one ring-type:evanescent spore-print-color:white population:several habitat:leaves toxicity:poisonous
cap-shape:convex cap-surface:smooth cap-color:brown bruises:no odor:none gill-attachment:attached gill-spacing:close gill-size:broad gill-color:yellow stalk-shape:enlarging stalk-root:missing stalk-surface-above-ring:smooth stalk-surface-below-ring:smooth stalk-color-above-ring:orange stalk-color-below-ring:orange veil-type:partial veil-color:orange ring-number:one ring-type:pendant spore-print-color:orange population:clustered habitat:leaves toxicity:edible
